Improve ReadMes and add generate scenario script (#3)
inductiva/sph-demos: README.md

# Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) via Inductiva API

<div align="center">
<img src="/assets/duck.gif" width=500 height=300 alt="Duck simulation">
</div>

> With [**Inductiva API**](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/tree/main), exploring Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) simulations was never easier. 

Reviewer: line breaks; lets try to not go beyond the 100 char line lengths.

```suggestion
With [**Inductiva API**](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/tree/main), exploring
Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) simulations was never easier. 
```

> Users can launch the simulations they are familiar with through a simple Python interface, without having to worry about downloading/compiling and installing simulation packages and managing computational resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can launch the simulations they are familiar with through a simple Python interface,
without having to worry about downloading/compiling and installing simulation packages
and managing computational resources.
```

> Two open-source SPH simulators are available via **Inductiva API** - [SplishSplash](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki/SPlisHSPlasH) and [DualSPHysics](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki/DualSPHysics). Users can use them directly or leverage the API to create custom scenarios and explore design spaces with simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two open-source SPH simulators are available via **Inductiva API** -
[SplishSplash](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki/SPlisHSPlasH) and
[DualSPHysics](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki/DualSPHysics).
Users can use them directly or leverage the API to create custom scenarios and
explore design spaces with simplicity.
```

The **Inductiva API** tour for SPH simulations is the following:
- [How to use this repository and install any dependencies](INSTALL.md);
- [Run a simulation using straightforward API calls](SPH_SIMULATIONS.md#running-a-simulation);
- [Leverage the API to create a custom simulation scenario](FLUID_BLOCK.md);
- [Generate a synthetic dataset at scale](DATASET.md).

> To learn more about the `inductiva` package, check the [Inductiva API documentation](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki) and here to learn more about [SPH](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoothed-particle_hydrodynamics).

Reviewer: line breaks

```suggestion
To learn more about the `inductiva` package, check the
[Inductiva API documentation](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki) and the
[SPH Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoothed-particle_hydrodynamics)
to learn more about Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics.
```

# Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) via Inductiva API

<div align="center">
<img src="/assets/duck.gif" width=600 height=400 alt="Duck simulation">
</div>

> With [**Inductiva API**](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/tree/main) exploring Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) simulations was never easier. Users can launch the simulations they are familiar with through a simple Python interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [**Inductiva API**](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/tree/main), exploring Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) simulations was never easier.
Users can launch the simulations they are familiar with through a simple Python interface, without having
to worry about downloading/compiling and installing simulation packages and managing computational resources.
```

> Two open-source SPH simulators are available via **Inductiva API** - [SplishSplash](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki/SPlisHSPlasH) and [DualSPHysics](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki/DualSPHysics). On top of them, users can create their custom scenarios and explore a design space with simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two open-source SPH simulators are available via **Inductiva API** - [SplishSplash](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki/SPlisHSPlasH) and [DualSPHysics](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki/DualSPHysics). Users can use use them directly
or leverage the API to create custom scenarios and explore design spaces with simplicity.
```

> First, don't forget to `pip install inductiva` and then you can follow the [install instructions](INSTALL.md) for this repository to get started.

Reviewer: This should go inside INSTALL.md.

> The **Inductiva API** guide for SPH simulations is the following:
> - [Running a simulation](SPH_SIMULATIONS.md#running-a-simulation);
> - [Create a custom simulation scenario](FLUID_BLOCK.md);
> - [Generate a synthetic dataset at scale](DATASET.md).

Reviewer: Installation should be the first bullet point. All installation related stuff should go in that section

```suggestion
In this tour, you will learn how to integrate **Inductiva API**  SPH simulation workflows through several examples:
- [How to use this repository and install any dependencies](INSTALL.md);
- [Run a simulation using straightfoward API calls](SPH_SIMULATIONS.md);
- [Leverage the API to create a custom simulation scenario](FLUID_BLOCK.md);
- [Generate a synthetic dataset at scale](DATASET.md).
```

> In this tour, you will learn how to integrate **Inductiva API**  SPH simulation workflows through several examples.

Reviewer: this line can be removed.

> To learn more about the `inductiva` package, check the [Inductiva API documentation](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki).

Reviewer: maybe add a link to wikipedia on SPH?

# Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) via Inductiva API

<div align="center">
<img src="/assets/duck.gif" width=500 height=300 alt="Duck simulation">
</div>

With [**Inductiva API**](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/tree/main), exploring
Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) simulations was never easier. 

Users can launch the simulations they are familiar with through a simple Python interface,
without having to worry about downloading/compiling and installing simulation packages and

> managing computational resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
managing/maintaining computational resources.
```

input_dir = inductiva.utils.files.download_from_url(
    "https://storage.googleapis.com/inductiva-api-demo-files/"
    "dualsph-duck-input-example.zip", unzip=True)

commands = [
    {"cmd": "gencase floating_duck floating_duck -save:all", "prompts": []},
    {"cmd": "dualsphysics -mdbc floating_duck floating_duck -dirdataout data -svres", "prompts": []},
    {"cmd": "boundaryvtk -loadvtk AutoActual -motiondata floating_duck/data -savevtk floating_duck/boundary/duck -onlytype:-all,floating", "prompts": []},
    {"cmd": "partvtk -dirin floating_duck/data -savevtk floating_duck/particles/PartAll", "prompts": []},
    {"cmd": "partvtk -dirin floating_duck/data -savevtk floating_duck/particles/PartFluidOut", "prompts": []},
    {"cmd": "isosurface -dirin floating_duck/data -saveiso floating_duck/Surface/surf", "prompts": []}]
    
task = simulator.run(input_dir="FloatingDuck",commands=commands)

# Initialize the Simulator
dualsphysics = inductiva.simulators.DualSPHysics()

# Run simulation with config files in the input directory
task = dualsphysics.run(input_dir=input_dir,
                        commands=commands)

task.wait()
task.download_outputs()
```

> ### Install

Reviewer 2: One more note: I believe that the first page should be more compact. Maybe we should move these two examples under a different document and have a link such as "The Basics: How to call SplishSplash or DualSPhisics via de API". This should be more of a reminder, since part of this explanation will already be in the core package. The same thing for the instalation. It should not occupy a significant chunk of the 1st page. 
Ideally, the first page should be much more visual. Look at this as a reference:

https://github.com/InteractiveComputerGraphics/SPlisHSPlasH

It opens with an animation. The animation there makes the whole repo self-explanatory just by itself.

Here, we explore Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) with two simulators available via **Inductiva API** - [SplishSplash](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki/SPlisHSPlasH) and [DualSPHysics](https://github.com/inductiva/inductiva/wiki/DualSPHysics). 

In this repository, we make a tour of **Inductiva API**:

> - [Run a simulation](README.md#running-a-simulation);

Reviewer 2: Running a simulation by directly calling the Inductiva API (?)

> - [Create a scenario](scenario/README.md);

Reviewer 2: a custom Python class to run a specific simulation scenario (?)

Author: Going to avoid the Python, that is the tool not the core.

> - [Generate a dataset via scenario](dataset/README.md).

Reviewer 2: Use that Python class to generate a synthetic dataset at scale (?)

### Running a Simulation

For **power users** who know how to configure a specific simulator and prepare the respective simulation files, **Inductiva API** provides a simple interface to simulate on a large scale. Here, we demonstrate how to use two SPH simulators in **Inductiva API**.

##### SplishSplash

SplishSplash is simple to run and the simulator is simply configured via a few configuration files. The required one is a `.json` file that contains the parameters of the simulation. The others are extra input files that determine the geometry and properties of the objects and fluids in the simulation.

```python
import inductiva

> input_dir = inductiva.utils.files.download_from_url(

Reviewer 2: can this be part of the repo now?
Can we avoid having to download things?

Author: We still want to be able to download files from bucket to demo simulators in other documentation sites.

Reviewer 2: But this demos should be as simple as possible.
If we can avoid importing inductiva utils it would be better.
If the files are in the repo, then the user will just need to point to them (or we can just have a relative path somewhere).

Author: Will do that. However, keeping the download for now. We will see how the documentation evolves before removing.

    "https://storage.googleapis.com/inductiva-api-demo-files/"
    "splishsplash-input-example.zip", unzip=True)

# Set simulation input directory
splishsplash = inductiva.simulators.SplishSplash()

task = splishsplash.run(input_dir=input_dir,
                        sim_config_filename="config.json")

# Wait for the simulation to finish
task.wait()
task.download_outputs()

> ```

Reviewer 2: show me what I would see (or how would I see it or where I would see it).

##### DualSPHysics

DualSPHysics has a more complex configuration and requires that users select the commands to be executed. The commands are defined in a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary contains the command to be executed and the prompts to be answered. The prompts are the questions that the simulator asks during the execution of the command. The main input file for this simulation is a `.xml` file that contains the parameters of the simulation. The others are extra input files that determine the geometry and properties of the objects and fluids in the simulation.

```python
import inductiva

# Download the configuration files into a folder

> input_dir = inductiva.utils.files.download_from_url(

Reviewer 2: can some of this be part of the repo?
We could potentially have a metaball if needed for IP reasons.

Author: You can avoid it for sure, we just need to hold the data elsewhere. All of the input examples we are using are Public.
